<-------Google Dorks--------->
ext: Looking for a specific extension. ext:pdf

maps: search for a specific map. Example - maps:USA

book: search for a specific book. Example - book:Hacking: the art of exploitation

movie: search for a specific movie. Example - movie:saw

weather: search for the weather. Example - weather:London

info: 
stocks: If you begin a query with the [stocks:] operator, Google will treat the rest of the query terms as stock ticker symbols, and will link to a page showing stock information for those symbols. For instance, [stocks: intc yhoo] will show information about Intel and Yahoo. (Note you must type the ticker symbols, not the company name.)

allintext:	Searches for occurrences of all the keywords given.	allintext:"keyword"

intext:	Searches for the occurrences of keywords all at once or one at a time.	intext:"keyword"

inurl: Searches for a URL matching one of the keywords.	inurl:"keyword"

allinurl:	Searches for a URL matching all the keywords in the query.	allinurl:"keyword"

intitle:	Searches for occurrences of keywords in title all or one.	intitle:"keyword"

allintitle:	Searches for occurrences of keywords all at a time.	allintitle:"keyword"

site:	Specifically searches that particular site and lists all the results for that site.	site:"www.google.com"

filetype:	Searches for a particular filetype mentioned in the query.	filetype:"pdf"

link:	Searches for external links to pages.	link:"keyword"

numrange:	Used to locate specific numbers in your searches.	numrange:321-325

before/after:	Used to search within a particular date range.	filetype:pdf & (before:2000-01-01 after:2001-01-01)

allinanchor: (and also inanchor)	This shows sites which have the keyterms in links pointing to them, in order of the most links.	

inanchor:rat

allinpostauthor: (and also inpostauthor)	Exclusive to blog search, this one picks out blog posts that are written by specific 
individuals.	allinpostauthor:"keyword"

related:	List web pages that are “similar” to a specified web page.	related:www.google.com

cache:	Shows a page copy in the Index

define:	Gives a definition (or use “what is”)

The quotes ("")	Search for a phrase

AROUND (n)	Proximity search

Operators:
OR Operator - site:facebook.com | site:twitter.com

and operator - site:facebook & site:twitter.com

Exclude results -site:teste.example.com

Include results +site:teste.example.com

Include everyting - site:*.com

References:
https://www.boxpiper.com/posts/google-dork-list
https://gist.github.com/sundowndev/283efaddbcf896ab405488330d1bbc06
https://gbhackers.com/latest-google-dorks-list/

If you want to add more dorks to the list send me a message and props for the authors of the blogs above mentioned in references.
